Alright watch my six
Got your six (Ringing Sound) Uh you hear that?
What is that? Is that your phone?
Oh it's my phone O.K. one second. Hello
Yes Sir. Yes Sir, I'll be right there sir.
What's that about?
Command calling, something about the Beta
test are back or something.
I'll be right back. Alright I'll be here.
Dude Dude Dude! What are you doing? What?
What are you doing? I'm shooting that tank
over there.
That gun is not going to take out that tank.
How do you know?
Because it's a tank.
Listen do you have some sort of side arm with
a suppressor on it?
Why are you whispering? Because I do not want
to be heard or seen.
Anything? Umm, like I have this gun with a
suppressor. Yes!
Oh no! Turn turn! Look at this. No!
Look how bright that is! Look at it.
You can see it everywhere.
Fuck you man! Dude, shut that light off!
No it doesn't go off.
It does press the up button.
Uh, Wow it does go off.
Thank you. It's like Chinese New Year or something.
Come on are you kidding me?
You know what the year is this year? Is it
dog?
Year of the dog I think. It's year of the
Shut the Fuck up.
Now listen, get down. Get down. OK
I like this. Alright. Right there.
Right there. What?
I spotted two. I also have ammo if you need
to
Ah Shit! Come on! If you need bullets or grenades.
Are you serious? You're going to throw a ammo
pack in front of my scope!
You might need bullets. Why don't you just
drive a Jeep in front of my shit here?
Huh? Huh! A jeep? Yeah a Jeep! You know what
just go!
You want me to go? Yes!
You want me to? GO!
I will, I'll go! I'll go get a jeep!
What's up Bro, I'm back.
What was that all about?
I don't know?